[Music]
but this is made out of those those
little plastic cups and salsa coming at
the taqueria no it's telling you and
Amanda about the fabric forming and and
how it's such an exciting way to work
with concrete because most people don't
think of it yeah how would you use
fabric and concrete right but here I
just have this material which is um
sheet material we've got this from the
discount fabric place it's yeah yeah
yeah and so also I cut this out we put
these tabs here and the tabs are for
convenience of pulling it out and now
the material is flat we would just mix
up the shape cream and we would show you
in another video how to make something
shaped so there's two consistencies one
is a clay like consistency where you
could actually roll it out and treat
almost like clay and the other would be
a pourable consistency that let's say if
this was really flat and you poured it
on here it would articulate every little
detail but it'd be too fluid to pick up
[Music]
you can always add a little bit more
water what we call be tempered as we do
this and we get these cracks the heel so
to speak then you would let it set up a
little bit just a little bit wait a
little bit and then as it stiffens up
and then we could go back again once
we've determined that this is it we're
got it all finished out nicely then with
any cement product the concrete product
we want to cure it slowly okay it's
called hydrating and there's chemical
reactions going on and it needs water to
do that okay so depending on the weather
let's say it's really dry or hot then
you want to make sure it sits moist so
what we do is just cover it with some
demographic with painters plastic and
cover it to trap the moisture
and now if it's really warm and you
spent it on our making this then you
might want to spritz it with just a
little water
[Music]
all right so now we're going to just